car,bottle,dining table,laptop
knife,couch,dining table,laptop
bench,backpack,baseball bat,bottle
wine glass,cup,fork,dining table
suitcase,couch,tv,remote
person,sports ball,baseball bat,baseball glove
person,bottle,mouse,keyboard
suitcase,bottle,cup,couch
person,suitcase,cup,remote
bicycle,backpack,handbag,cell phone
bottle,cup,bowl,couch
person,bus,bench,chair
chair,potted plant,tv,remote
bus,truck,backpack,handbag
bottle,knife,spoon,dining table
bottle,fork,chair,potted plant
bottle,cup,couch,vase
person,bench,elephant,chair
couch,potted plant,tv,vase
person,car,traffic light,backpack
bottle,chair,dining table,remote
car,motorcycle,bus,traffic light
person,handbag,cup,refrigerator
person,motorcycle,stop sign,handbag
knife,spoon,bowl,dining table
person,tie,knife,spoon
person,backpack,tennis racket,chair
person,bowl,pizza,dining table
person,couch,remote,cell phone
person,bottle,apple,chair
person,bicycle,car,traffic light
person,car,motorcycle,dog
sports ball,baseball bat,chair,cell phone
person,bicycle,umbrella,tie
bottle,chair,tv,book
car,handbag,knife,refrigerator
fork,knife,chair,book
bench,baseball bat,baseball glove,bottle
person,knife,dining table,oven
cup,knife,couch,laptop