boat,bench,skateboard
fork,spoon,potted plant
bench,sports ball,baseball glove
train,tie,suitcase
fork,spoon,chair
person,suitcase,cell phone
person,tie,couch
couch,tv,teddy bear
handbag,tv,laptop
knife,spoon,dining table
dog,chair,couch
handbag,baseball bat,chair
truck,handbag,baseball bat
person,wine glass,chair
couch,potted plant,cell phone
backpack,sports ball,baseball bat
bottle,cup,tv
cup,tv,mouse
tv,laptop,book
couch,potted plant,book
cup,bowl,book
chair,tv,vase
dog,couch,book
person,horse,tie
dining table,clock,vase
person,backpack,bottle
bus,bench,backpack
cup,bowl,dining table
person,umbrella,suitcase
backpack,umbrella,handbag
person,pizza,dining table
tv,mouse,teddy bear
car,knife,chair
person,umbrella,dining table
traffic light,handbag,potted plant
person,wine glass,dining table
handbag,tie,suitcase
bus,bench,suitcase
handbag,couch,dining table
person,backpack,tennis racket
suitcase,tv,vase
person,fork,knife
wine glass,carrot,dining table
person,handbag,knife
traffic light,backpack,tie
handbag,chair,remote
car,chair,clock
bottle,remote,vase
person,car,suitcase
person,car,book